# .vimrc Documentation

*The following configuration below is established through a Windows OS Machine. Some stuff may not work properly on a different OS*.

*Note: Not all steps may be necessary from each section in order to enable language autocomplete.*


## Setting up .vimrc for basic QOL

Find valid style commands and add them to each line.

*See the ```config/vim/basic_vimrc``` for an list of basic style commands.* \


## Setting up .vimrc for plug-ins

Install Vim. It is optional to use gVim, Neovim, or any other custom Vim interface.

Install vim_plug through Windows Powershell with the command ```iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim |` ni $HOME/vimfiles/autoload/plug.vim -Force```

In your .vimrc file, include ```call plug#begin()``` and ```call plug#end()``` on separate lines. Type any plug-in commands between the two ```call``` commands.

For example, we will try to install coc.nvim.

*This is required for the upcoming sections below.*

The plug-in command is ```Plug 'neoclide/coc.nvim', {'branch': 'release'}```

Save and exit the .vimrc file. Re-enter the file and execute ```:PlugInstall``` in command mode to install any plug-ins listed.

*Note: Any plug-in regarding themes may have to use additional style commands and/or including the command ```colorscheme {name}``` the following line after ```call plug#end()```.

More information regarding each plug-in can be found from searching the exact name of the plug-in.


## Setup coc.nvim for C/C++ support

Install MingGW for C/C++ Language.

Install clangd (c/cpp suggestions) by LLVM (separate installation and automatically connects to Windows User Path).

*This may prevent an issue regarding the ```:CocInstall``` and ```:CocCommand``` commands resulting in a potential pathing issue of clangd.*

Open a C or C++ file through any Vim interface.

In command mode, execute the command ```:CocInstall coc-clangd```.

If you installed clangd, feel free to ignore any PATH warnings.

You may encounter an addition command regarding ```:CocCommand clangd.install``` based on a different type of installation which may be exceuted if coc.nvim does not work properly.

Now, you should see prompt pop-ups as you type something similar to C/C++ syntax.


## Setup coc.nvim for Python support

Install jedi on Windows Powershell executing the command ```pip3 install jedi```.

Open a Python file through any Vim interface.

In command mode, execute the command ```:CocInstall coc-pyright```.

Feel free to ignore any PATH warnings.

*On the other hand, the command ```:CocInstall coc-python``` does not work if the current Python version is at least 3.XX.*

Now, you should see prompt pop-ups as you type something similar to Python syntax.


*Additional commands that I used, but I do not know if it is necessary:*

Install pynvim executing the command ```pip install pynvim``` in Windows Powershell (generated by ChatGPT).


## Setup coc.nwim for Java support

Install Java or Java SE and set the Windows PATH manually or through installation.

Open a Java file through any Vim interface.

User the command ```CocInstall coc-java```.

Now, you should see prompt pop-ups as you type something similar to Java syntax.


## Setup coc.nwim for HTML

*TBD*


## Setup coc.nwim for CSS

*TBD*


## Setup coc.nwim for Javascript

*TBD*
